README.md, before:

# LAB - 2/3/4

## About Me

4 October 2022 - This site is a biography that gives some interaction between the user and site to gain insight about myself. The site has five 'Yes" or 'No" questions using JS' prompt() that will provide specifics about me the developer.
5 October 2022 - Added 2 additional quesitons which plays a game of sorts. One is guessing a number, the second is guessing an item in an array. Also some content was added to the HTML side with a list of 10 items.
6 October 2022 - Practiced pair programming with Harper Foley and made changes to JS code to create functions.

### Author: Mike McCarty

### Links and Resources

* [submission PR](http://xyz.com) (NOT used in today's lab)
* [Eric Meyer's reset.css file](https://meyerweb.com/eric/tools/css/reset/)
* [Adobe Color Picker](https://color.adobe.com/create/color-wheel)

### Reflections and Comments For Lab 2

* Today's lab went okay. I found today that using the console log is a great way to troubleshoot the conditionals for the appropriate responses. The CSS work is a work in progress for sure.  I don't see myself becoming a CSS expert as I just don't see the colors working together despite trying the Adobe color wheel picker.
* So far no questions. The pace is going really well and I have been able to understand the work at hand as the pre-assignment reading has made it very easy to keep pace with the instructor.
* The assignment required about 90 minutes to get the majority of the work done when I started in the middle of lunch. Working on the CSS portion could take me all day as I play with the box model's appropriate settings to make it work.
* I didn't have to utilize any tools for the JS or HTML portion and this was the first time implementing the reset file from Eric Meyers which I noted in my ReadMe file. I did use the Adobe color wheel picker but I just don't have the ability yet to pick complimentary colors and make it work...

### Reflections and Comments For Lab 3

* Today was a disaster. After working on this for 6 hours I finally got the last question working in the JS portion. I feel like a failure. I really felt like I understood the fundamentals of loops and come to find out when I applied for today's lab I do not.
* The only reason why I was able to finish was the T/A had me add a boolean flag that "acts like a switch" to use one portion of the loop versus another. I have no frigging idea what that means or why it works but now it works.
* I feel like such a fake. I have code currently in my JS and no clue why or how it works.  If this is the way I am supposed to feel on day 3 of week 1 this is going to be a long four weeks.
* I think I made a major mistake signing up for this course as I have almost no confidence going forward.

### Reflections and Comments For Lab 4

* Driver - Harper
* Nav - Mike
* I was Navigator on: link-to-the-last-PR-your-partner-made - [Harpers PR](https://github.com/mikemac1/about-me/pull/1)
* I was Driver on: link-to-the-last-PR-you-made-as-Navigator - [Mikes PR](https://github.com/hfoley2013/codefellows-201-about-me/pull/2)

This lab was a 180 degree difference from how I felt when I finished yesterday. Working with Harper was fantastic as he really know how is functions work and I really felt like I learned something from how he approached his JS code. Definitely different than how I approached it, as he really exercised the concepts we have learned. For example his questions were identified in variables which were called upon in an array such that he only had to utilize one loop for all of the questions.  Really an incredible use of reusing code.  I will say that I am afraid I learned much more from him that he did from me!  Hopefully I get to work more with him in the near future.

Commit message:

Updated README file with actiities in my lab today.

README.md, after:

# LAB - 2/3/4/5b

## About Me

4 October 2022 - This site is a biography that gives some interaction between the user and site to gain insight about myself. The site has five 'Yes" or 'No" questions using JS' prompt() that will provide specifics about me the developer.
5 October 2022 - Added 2 additional quesitons which plays a game of sorts. One is guessing a number, the second is guessing an item in an array. Also some content was added to the HTML side with a list of 10 items.
6 October 2022 - Practiced pair programming with Harper Foley and made changes to JS code to create functions.
7 October 2022 - Cleaned up the JavaScript questions to conform with original intent of lab 3 and removed commented out console log code. Also included CSS styles for links and changed the list items to inline under bio.

### Author: Mike McCarty

### Links and Resources

* [submission PR](http://xyz.com) (NOT used in today's lab)
* [Eric Meyer's reset.css file](https://meyerweb.com/eric/tools/css/reset/)
* [Adobe Color Picker](https://color.adobe.com/create/color-wheel)

### Reflections and Comments For Lab 2

* Today's lab went okay. I found today that using the console log is a great way to troubleshoot the conditionals for the appropriate responses. The CSS work is a work in progress for sure.  I don't see myself becoming a CSS expert as I just don't see the colors working together despite trying the Adobe color wheel picker.
* So far no questions. The pace is going really well and I have been able to understand the work at hand as the pre-assignment reading has made it very easy to keep pace with the instructor.
* The assignment required about 90 minutes to get the majority of the work done when I started in the middle of lunch. Working on the CSS portion could take me all day as I play with the box model's appropriate settings to make it work.
* I didn't have to utilize any tools for the JS or HTML portion and this was the first time implementing the reset file from Eric Meyers which I noted in my ReadMe file. I did use the Adobe color wheel picker but I just don't have the ability yet to pick complimentary colors and make it work...

### Reflections and Comments For Lab 3

* Today was a disaster. After working on this for 6 hours I finally got the last question working in the JS portion. I feel like a failure. I really felt like I understood the fundamentals of loops and come to find out when I applied for today's lab I do not.
* The only reason why I was able to finish was the T/A had me add a boolean flag that "acts like a switch" to use one portion of the loop versus another. I have no frigging idea what that means or why it works but now it works.
* I feel like such a fake. I have code currently in my JS and no clue why or how it works.  If this is the way I am supposed to feel on day 3 of week 1 this is going to be a long four weeks.
* I think I made a major mistake signing up for this course as I have almost no confidence going forward.

### Reflections and Comments For Lab 4

* Driver - Harper
* Nav - Mike
* I was Navigator on: link-to-the-last-PR-your-partner-made - [Harpers PR](https://github.com/mikemac1/about-me/pull/1)
* I was Driver on: link-to-the-last-PR-you-made-as-Navigator - [Mikes PR](https://github.com/hfoley2013/codefellows-201-about-me/pull/2)

This lab was a 180 degree difference from how I felt when I finished yesterday. Working with Harper was fantastic as he really know how is functions work and I really felt like I learned something from how he approached his JS code. Definitely different than how I approached it, as he really exercised the concepts we have learned. For example his questions were identified in variables which were called upon in an array such that he only had to utilize one loop for all of the questions.  Really an incredible use of reusing code.  I will say that I am afraid I learned much more from him that he did from me!  Hopefully I get to work more with him in the near future.

### Reflections and Comments For Lab 5b

It was pretty straight forward to clean up the JS and apply some CSS styles. IF I had more time I would practice applying more styles. I don't really appreciate my site as I would have hoped I could apply a lot of the stretch goals in my site design but found myself not getting to them.
